No one is born knowing exactly how to code and knowing how to use all the functions in Python.
It's something you learn over time as you keep coding more and more.
And so that means that very often you will be struggling with a particular function.
Maybe you're getting errors or warnings and you don't know what to do.
Or maybe you know the goal that you're trying to achieve, but you don't know exactly what is the function
to use that that you need for your specific situation.
So basically you're going to need to get help.
So how do you get help when you are figuring out how to code or learning how to code?
There's multiple ways to get help from encoding.
And in this video I'm going to show you several ways to get help.
One way is to use the function called help.
So you type help, and then you input the name of a function that you want to learn about.
Again, help is a reserved keyword, you can see that it turned from black to this kind of orangish
dark yellow color.
Okay.
So help.
And then the name of the function you're interested in.
And the output here is going to be what's called the docstring.
I'll write this out.
Docstring as one word.
I don't know why they call this the docstring.
In my opinion they should have called it the help text because that's what it's supposed to do.
But anyway, the docstring is a little piece of text that many but not all, functions have at the beginning
of the function definition.
And it just gives you a little bit of guidance about the purpose of the function and how to use it,
and what are the inputs and what are the outputs.
Now, I have to say, I have mixed feelings about Python as a coding language.
There are some things about it that I really like.
Some things that I find a little bit unfortunate or suboptimal or could be improved.
Uh, the doc strings in Python are not often written in a way that is very accessible to beginners.
So if you are trying to read a docstring and you don't understand it, then do not get.
You know, don't fall into a pit of despair and think that you're stupid and you'll never learn how
to code.
And you can't even read the docstrings.
A much more likely scenario is that the docstrings were not written with you in mind.
So I also very often struggle to understand the docstrings, and I've been coding for more years than
I'm willing to admit.
Okay.
But nonetheless, getting help on a function using the function, the Python function help is a great
way to get started, and it certainly is the case that many docstrings will be useful and will be helpful.
Okay, that is one thing you can do.
Another way to get help on a function is to write out the name of the function, and then two question
marks afterwards.
Like this.
If you are using Google Colab, that's going to open up a separate little mini window here off to the
right.
And if you're using another notebook, you might see all of this text over here printed out in the output
here.
Okay.
But this is a nice feature about Colab.
Now in this particular case, this help file for this function only basically just repeats what the
information is here.
But there that's because this is a compiled function.
And if it's a compiled function it means you don't actually see the Python code.
Because this is not implemented in Python, it's implemented in C and it's compiled for speed.
But there are other functions that you actually can view.
For example we can look at numpy dot linspace.
This is a function that I introduced you to in the previous video.
So numpy dot linspace.
And then question mark.
Question mark.
That's going to open up a new tab over here.
So actually we get both of these here.
And now this gives you a nice long docstring.
It tells you a little bit more about each of the parameters or the inputs.
So the start parameter the stop parameter the num parameter.
This you've already seen before.
There's even more parameters in here like the data type.
So there's more ways to use the function linspace than the basic implementation that I showed.
And then yeah here are the outputs and so on.
This is other related functions that you might find interesting and relevant here.
It shows you examples.
This is fantastic.
I can just copy and paste this in and and reproduce this example here.
Uh graphical.
So I haven't yet talked about visualizations, but this is also a way to visualize this is fantastic.
And then here at the bottom we actually see the source code of numpy dot linspace.
Now if you are new to Python, which you are, if you're watching this video, then all of this might
look really intense and intimidating.
But looking through source code is a fantastic way to understand how functions work, what they are
doing, and to improve your coding skills.
Now, maybe at this point you're not good enough in Python to look at source code and understand it,
but you will very soon.
You know, if you just code for several hours in Python, you will already be able to start looking
through source code and really understand how these functions work and what they are implementing.
Okay, so that is two ways to get help on functions.
A third way to get help on a particular function is to look for it online.
So I typed into this search browser how does numpy dot linspace work.
Now the first result is from numpy website.
but if we scroll down, we see some other websites and eventually, yeah, you're going to see lots
of different explanations and tutorials for how this function works.
So this is great when you have an error message or you're unsure how to use a function, just see what
other people online have written about this function.
Of course, another way to get help is to use a large language model like ChatGPT or Claude or Perplexity
or any other language model.
Okay, so here I'm writing in the prompt, I'm trying to create a numpy array of numbers that starts
from -3.4 and ends at 52.
And I don't know how long that array needs to be, so I need another variable that I can set for the
number of elements.
Can you help me with this.
So notice this is different from how I got help in from searching online.
When I was searching online, I was just searching for how to use a particular function.
And here with ChatGPT I'm describing the problem.
I'm describing the thing that the objective what I want to achieve.
And I'm asking ChatGPT for help.
And then let's see, I can even add here, uh, please write some code as a demo.
Although I think ChatGPT would write code even if I didn't explicitly ask for this.
But it's always good in ChatGPT to or other language models to provide some context and background that
will help the language model figure out the best response that's tailored for your needs.
So ChatGPT said we can accomplish this using Numpy's Linspace function and it provides some code.
We can just click this button and immediately copy this code to paste it into a notebook.
And this is fantastic.
So this gives us the name of the function and also an explanation of how it works.